infra/roles/ochap-apps/README.md, before:

# Ô Chap' WARs

Deploys the ochap WARs and configuration files.

## Requirements

- wildfly
- postgresql

## Role variables

Variable                          | Description                                              | Type     |
--------                          | -----------                                              | ----     |
`ochap_backend_db_name`           | Name of the database used for ochap-backend              | String   |
`ochap_backend_db_user`           | Username of the database user for ochap-backend          | String   |
`ochap_backend_db_pass`           | Password of the database user for ochap-backend          | String   |
`ochap_usermgmt_auth_service_url` | Base URL where the authentication service may be reached | String   |
`ochap_auth_service_jwt_secret`   | Shared secret to validate JWT token                      | String   |
`wars_to_deploy`                  | Path to web application archives to deploy               | [String] |

### Variables with acceptable default values

Variable                | Description                            | Type   |
--------                | -----------                            | ----   |
`ochap_backend_db_host` | Host of the database for ochap-backend | String |
`ochap_backend_db_port` | Port of the database for ochap-backend | String |

Commit message:

infra/ochap-apps: Add secrets for ochap-authentication
Signed-off-by: Roosembert Palacios <roosemberth@posteo.ch>

infra/roles/ochap-apps/README.md, after:

# Ô Chap' WARs

Deploys the ochap WARs and configuration files.

## Requirements

- wildfly
- postgresql

## Role variables

Variable                          | Description                                              | Type     |
--------                          | -----------                                              | ----     |
`ochap_admin_account_pass`        | Password for the admininistrator account                 | String   |
`ochap_auth_db_name`              | Name of the database used for ochap-authentication       | String   |
`ochap_auth_db_user`              | Username of the database user for ochap-authentication   | String   |
`ochap_auth_db_pass`              | Password of the database user for ochap-authentication   | String   |
`ochap_backend_db_name`           | Name of the database used for ochap-backend              | String   |
`ochap_backend_db_user`           | Username of the database user for ochap-backend          | String   |
`ochap_backend_db_pass`           | Password of the database user for ochap-backend          | String   |
`ochap_usermgmt_auth_service_url` | Base URL where the authentication service may be reached | String   |
`ochap_auth_service_jwt_secret`   | Shared secret to validate JWT token                      | String   |
`wars_to_deploy`                  | Path to web application archives to deploy               | [String] |

### Variables with acceptable default values

Variable                | Description                            | Type   |
--------                | -----------                            | ----   |
`ochap_backend_db_host` | Host of the database for ochap-backend | String |
`ochap_backend_db_port` | Port of the database for ochap-backend | String |
